+++
date = '2025-07-07T15:10:02+08:00'
draft = true
title = 'Hitchhike Adventure in the South of Thailand'
+++

Let me tell you the crazy story of the first time i tried to hitch hike in rural
Thailand. I had couple of days before my live aboard scuba diving experience,
and decide to hitch hike to a town located 3 hours from me. little that i know i
will spend the next 7 hours with a drunk driver driving all the way to the
border of Malasya to an area that is forbidden to israelis to go to.

### The plan

My plan was simple, I heard there is a nice town call Trang in the south of
thailand, that was not too far from where i were in that time - Krabi, i thought
it will be nice to spend a few days there. I decided to try and hitch hike with
a sign that just says "South" is thai, I practce on like 3 different cardboards
before i actually manage to write it down in a way it will look close to the
thai writing hahaha.

> Add image of the sign

It was a super hot day. but at least it wasnt raining. i took all of my bags
with me and went to the main intersection in the neighborhood i stayed in. I
tried to hitch hike for like 30 minutes but unfortunitlly no car as stopped for
me, i was about to give up - usually i can always catch a ride within 10
minutes. i was getting sweaty, exsausted, and hopeless. but then after saying to
my self if the next car will not stop for me i will give up, an SUV pulled
over - there was a very nice muslim cuple that barely knows any english, but
they saw my sign saying 'South' and decided to help. After few minutes of
talking using google translate i understood that they are going in the completly
wrong derection... So i say thank you and they stopped me next to a gas station
in this main road. little that i know, how fast i will managed to get my next
lift, with a super friendly and kinda tipsy driver.

### Mr A.

"My name is Mr. A" like the letter he told me after picking me up in his nice
card and chatting for 10 minutes, He spoke in a very broken English but we still
managed to get along. He said that is is going south and he will stop me in
Trang so i was very relifed that i will not need to try to hitch hike any more.

We chat a bit more and he told me that we must try some Thai snacks - so we
stopped in the next gas station he told me he will be right back and i just sat
there and waited very happy to me in the aircon after such a long waiting.

After 10 minutes my guys is comming back with TWO beers in his hand and some
random Thai snacks - I was really confused, but he started his car stared runnig
and put both of our Chang beers in the coffee holders in his car (WTF hahahah).
We were lintarly drunk driving, I thought to myself its probably only 1 beer, i
really need this drive so it will probably be alright. i shouldve know better
"only 1 beer".

The drive to Trang takes about 3 hours by car, he played some thai music for me
and i played him some Israeli music back. it was really fun. He told me about is
cargo ship buisness, appernly is managing a port in south of thailad, he show me
many pictures of the area he's living in - I was like "wow so beautifull i have
to see it one day" - And then he told me, "I feel like you will vibe with this
city more than Trang" - And then i found me on a **7 Hours** drive with a drunk
driver to Hat-Yai.

### The journey

in those 7 hours the routine was simple. Drink beer - stop to pee - Buy more
beer - keep dirving. Looking back i really think it was stupid - but to be
honest it felt like a true rural thailand experience to me.

> add picture of the chang beer
